---
share: true
layout: post
date: 2021-01-17
title: "Week 2: Home office"
excerpt: ""
tags:
- weeknotes
- amsterdam
- e-bike
- television
- pandemic
- recovery
---
I'm terrible at keeping it a secret: my favorite time in the week is when A works from home. We spent the past month building a home office in a one-bedroom apartment, and I'm happy about the result. Monday is Uni day for her. I find it endearing that her Statistics course is throwing her for a loop a little bit.

"Work is so great!" I think to myself on Tuesday. My onboarding period is somewhat odd because of two separate parental leaves in my team. Now that my fellow designer is back again, I have to conclude that she is an utter blast. A attempts to use her iPad as a sidecar but doesn't get the audio right. This makes it so that I can hear all of her pupils wrestle through _1984_. When she discusses a particular rainy scene, a girl says "like, I don't know, it's, like, just typically English", and we both smile.

After work on Wednesday, I take a bike ride on A's super fast ebike and almost run over a young woman in Vondelpark. Running after dusk without lights should be prohibited. I bike for miles and get lost a couple times, one of the perks of living in a large city like Amsterdam I call that. I plan to go to bed early, but find myself drifting in and out as we watch the second impeachment of Trump until past midnight instead.
 
On Thursday, my [Now](/now) page is published on [nownownow.com](https://nownownow.com/p/Tptv). After a beautiful day at the home office, I'm excited to play around with the Apple Watch I got in the mail when my mother calls me at 9 p.m. On speaker phone, she pours a wide variety of complaints into the room, and I tell her I don't need her parentification[^1]. It's no use expecting that she will remember what I say three months from now, so I tell her the truth.

I accidentally have myself a total Miracle Morning on Friday: I meditate on kindness, I take a walk in the neighborhood, and update my finances. We hate-watch the [_Surviving Death_](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt13649692/) episodes on mediums. A tells me she's been to more than one seance in her life. I wish there was a separate TV channel just for medium weekend retreats.

On Saturday, at 990 days of sobriety, I sign up for a queer-friendly AA meeting. Not drinking is easy, but I haven't begun to connect my alcohol abuse to the rest of my life, and it makes me feel weird. I spend the better part of the day tinkering with my personal site.

[^1]: It took some deep searching, but finding the work of [Jonice Webb](https://drjonicewebb.com/10-question-quiz-do-you-need-better-boundaries-with-your-emotionally-neglectfulparents/){:target="_blank"} has been of great significance.