---
title: "Now"
date: 2022-05-31
tags:
- now
---
This text is archived from my [[Now]] page.

- Thinking about visual literacy, in part because the bulk of [Anja](https://anjawaleson.notion.site/Anja-Waleson-0182c8df804b4b12ab6e70b5b5795a55)'s academic work is focused on it right now, but also because I just love telling people off whenever they say that ["the book is better than the movie"](https://www.theguardian.com/books/2020/dec/07/a-novel-idea-is-the-book-always-better-than-the-film).

- I'm interested in learning about buddhism, but I don't know where to start. Everything seems either too technical or too Pinterst quotesque. A trusted source tells me Pema Chödrön, Thich Nhat Hanh, and Herman Hesse's _Siddharta_ are good entry point. Off we go.

- I've been [[mentoring]] over on [ADPList](https://adplist.org/mentors/zinzy-nev-geene) for a while now, and I can only say I'm truly enjoying it. It's great to work with researchers, designers, and product managers in different stages of their careers.

- After months of being, in essense, a recruitment manager, we added two new amazing talents to our team. I have one more role to fill, but I'm very pleased that the bulk of my time at work now goes to research, strategy, mentoring, and operations. Feels good to be back. In all of it, I'm working to rely on my intuition, and to ask [[seven questions|good questions]].

- I've been experimenting with new dishes:

- [[Teriyaki steak rolls]]

- [[Miso Yaki Onigiri]]

- We've been into [[The Staircase]]. I remember watching it years ago, and now that the rather satisfying HBO series is available, we're rewatching the documentary for extra context. It's striking to see what role anti-queer rhetoric played in the investigation and media coverage.

- Things look a little bit different on this site, and that's mainly because I built it again, this time using Maxime Vaillancourt's [digital garden Jekyll template](https://github.com/maximevaillancourt/digital-garden-jekyll-template).

- Attended [[UXInsight Festival 2022]] and enjoyed it.