---
layout: post
title: "Week 27: Haven"
date: 2023-07-09
excerpt: ""
tags:
- weeknotes
- work
- safe spaces
- film
- party
- television
- music
- gaming
---
This week, I attended my first Gerimedica party. It’s great to know I can expect a big celebration every year, and not just for the company’s sweet sixteen. It confirmed what I already know: great vibe, great taste, great people. 
- I went to Bar Bario on Saturday for a meet-up called Hair Haven, which fosters connection between people with curly hair. Again, I was struck by how welcoming the space is. It’s a ridiculous feeling, being the norm there. 
- I’m tired these days. Too much fun, too little rest. I’m better at napping, though. On Sunday, I barely wanted to get out of bed after a little snooze. Three years ago, a nap was unthinkable. 
- I’m giving Reni Eddo-Lodge‘s *Why I’m No Longer Talking to White People About Race* another spin. The title alone makes it a hard read, but I’m hoping I’ll find myself along the way. 
- I saw _Dalva_ at Ketelhuis. Reading the reviews, I’m surprised so many people seem to interpret the girl’s dress style as “an adult woman in the 50s”. I thought it was reminiscent of the way girls dressed when the camera first came out. Not a girl, not yet a woman. Regardless, I imagine being Dalva’s mother, getting to know her daughter again, and understanding what has gone so wrong in the fibers of het child. It sends chills down my spine. 
- In another childhood trauma narrative, I thought it was so moving that Jan Broberg played the therapist in the Showtime series on her turbulent childhood. I fantasized the scenes functioned as a systemic family constellation, her talking to her childhood self. The reality was probably much more technical than that. 
- Anja had a very intense and short stint with _Call of Duty_, remarking on its evocative storytelling in the Cold War portion. She finished it, though, and the zombies turned om her off with such immediacy that she’s back to NBA. 
- After hearing it only once, Billie Eilish’s “The 30th” is stuck in my head. She and her brother have a good thing going. 
