---
title: "2024, How to be Black: Week 0"
date: 2023-12-25 11:00 +0200
published: false
layout: post
excerpt: ""
tags:
- racism
- documentaries
- annual
- activism
- being Black
- discrimination
- diversity and inclusion
---
Christmas Eve. My mother-in-law has booked a table at the best Chinese restaurant in town, Hoi Tin. "Table for five, right?" says the waiter. No, three, Anja and I say. We both have a low tolerance for surprises initiated by my mother-in-law, it seems, and right now is the moment this truly dawns on us. "What fucked up family member is going to walk in now?" Anja thought, she tells me later.

ABC and XYZ walk in, our two new friends. Together, the five of us make up the membership of a WhatsApp group called Holy Sisters. The group image is a picture of Beyonce. We began gathering last year, when Anja and I held our first seder, and we've been gathering around holidays ever since. We are *so* stoked to see them.

ABC and XYZ are brilliant in their own right, both active in activism and thought leadership. Many people know their names. I sometimes have to pinch myself to remember I've actually formed a relationship with each of them. Anja, too, struggles to contain her excitement.

XYZ and I are making plans to meet up in January to discuss what it means to be Black. She's much better versed at it than I am, not just because of her age. "I've always considered it a privilege to have been raised in an environment with other Black people," she says. "We experienced racism, though while we didn't have the words for it, we knew how to find each other." The more she and I talk, the more I acknowledge the poverty of how I grew up. I'm 36, and only now have I begun doing the work to see through my own Black eyes. 

Two weeks ago, [Patrick Rhone's blog feed reminded me to think about my word for 2024](https://www.patrickrhone.net/14244-2/) I've known for a while what the theme would be. I say it to XYZ over Chinese: "I need to do more Black things in 2024". I don't know if she fully understands what I mean.

It's difficult to learn about racism if you've grown up in an environment of white people, XYZ says. I don't quite know how to find the words to describe it, but in my environment — which was so white it was blinding — it was impossible. Nobody told me racism existed. Nobody told me what I was experiencing was racism. 


"Have you seen "

