---

layout: post
title: "Week 11: Meeting Patrick"
date: 2023-03-26
excerpt: "I got to meet one of my Internet heroes this week: Patrick Rhone and his family were on a Europe trip, and I was lucky enough to catch the planning stage on his blog right in time to extend an invitation."
tags:
- weeknotes
- internet friends
- Lemonade
- pets
- television
- spring
---
- I got to meet one of my Internet heroes this week: [Patrick Rhone](patrickrhone.com) and his family were on a Europe trip, and I was lucky enough [to catch the planning stage on his blog](https://www.patrickrhone.net/13189-2/) right in time to extend an invitation. We spent a rainy Monday evening in de Jordaan at [Cafe de Tuin](http://www.cafedetuin.nl/), talking ye olde Internet productivity culture, the arts, politics, hopes and dreams, and how his teenage daughter apparently woke up one night singing "raise a glass to freedom". Fine people, they are.
- After another week with Lemonade, I'm beginning to feel more confident about raising her to be a well-behaved, confident puppy. For the most part, she's doing very well. The only real challenge we have is the barking to which she'll resort every time she's in the crate but not sleeping. Through trial and error, we're slowly learning how to help her settle down more easily, and this week, the efforts have begun to pay off.
- I've got some exciting news forthcoming that isn't quite ready for the public just yet, but it has managed to lift my spirits greatly. I'll be able to write more in the next few weeks, but for now it's safe to say I'm feeling hopeful, inspired, and ready.
- While Anja had apparently been around to watch season one when it was released, I've only now turned onto the wonderful journey that is _Abbott Elementary_. I would never actually ask the universe for a reboot of _The Office: US_, but this new mockumentary revolving around a poorly-managed, underfunded Philadelphia public school has exactly the vibe I would've hoped to get from that nonexistent reboot. It's just nice that, with this show, Black people are at the front and center.
- Spring has officially begun, but as one of the regulars at my coffee place said: "the question isn't when spring begins but when  rain ends". It seems the weather's getting better, though, and I can feel I'm on the cusp of storing away my winter coat. It has been a long time coming.